Remove CHPL_COMM_SUBSTRATE=aries and fix broken CHPL_COMM_SUBSTRATE=ucx (#27114)
chapel-lang/chapel: doc/rst/platforms/cray.rst

ugni communication layer.  The relevant configurations are::

  CHPL_COMM=gasnet
    CHPL_GASNET_SEGMENT=fast or large

In these configurations the heap is created with a fixed size at the
beginning of execution.  The default size works well in most cases but
if it doesn't a different size can be specified, as discussed in the
following section.

> Note that the 'aries' substrate is no longer supported by GASNet, making it
> difficuly to target a Cray XC with GASNet. It is possible to use the 'ofi' or

Reviewer: Fixing a typo and adding some further detail:

```suggestion
Note that as of Chapel 2.4.0 the 'aries' substrate is no longer supported by GASNet, making it
less efficient to target a Cray XC with GASNet. It is still possible to use the 'ofi' or
```
